# Cast team SGC

## Stop
 - Design diagrams
 - crazy 8's.
 Each workshop is different so perhaps crazy 8s is not appropriate for every day? Depends on type of people. 
 Problem with not having crazy 8s or story boarding then it leads to a ping pong between client and us to get deisgns signed off 
 Framing is important - make sure is is emphasised that the ideas are for guidance and not for making 
 - Perhaps spend less time during the design day introducing F&C?
 
## Go
* Bring Business Cards
* Who is staying?
 Charities staying: Unlock, LCN, RSBC, HomeStart already guaranteed  
   
 mavis: We _*need*_ to know __when__ these will happen.
 
   noga: We need to create a pipeline 

  mavis: Before we commit we need to understand what's happening 
  
noga: £3k per week £100/day for devs. £500 for QA and £500 for design. If not enough people then Ivan can step up. No money going back to FAC. 

Max: Will this increase over time?  
  
Noga: We can think about it. When we know all the charities and see total budget we will see how we can work with that.
  
Ash: Need to take into consideration that I will be part time so need to think about how that will impact this. Budget currently for 2 full time devs. 
  

mavis: want to start as soon as possible in Jan 
  
Ash: Write down things we need to find out and have a seperate meeting? quite meaty, at the moment is hypothetical   

Rebe: Until when could this be until? What if my dream job turn up?
  
Ash: Hangouts with Ellie?  
  
Noga: She wants us to take over. We need someone to do this liason and pipeline etc. Question is how proactive do we want to be about getting more work? 
  
 Rebe: Money...
   
Noga: There is no money in charities. 
  
Rebe: Every sprint we get the same rate.
  
Mavis: It has been decided up front with Cast this time but afterwards we will be able to negotiate   
  
Max: If it's not full time work from early Jan I __*Can't*__ do it. 
  
Noga: Charities that said yes - can we book them for the 8th Jan?
  
Mavis: If that happens, how does Aisha fit in to that part time? 
  
Noga: Might eat into F&C budget? 
  
Mavis: What has been promised to the charities? If charities say yes do we _*have*_ to do it?
  
Noga: They have't comitted us 
  
Ash: Qs for Ellie
  
Mavis: It's in our hands
  
Noga: Preferable to have a team with at least one person from the original workshop 
  
Ash: There's also Devon air abulance in Jan 
  
Mavis: We need to know what's going on with everyone 
  
Rebe: I'll decide by Monday... 
  
Mavis: ellie thinks charities won't be going back until 15th
  
Noga: How are you feeling about liasing with old product owners? If we liase with them then we can distribute the work amongst everyone. It's not then on one person to talk. 
  
  Noga: We're going to start creating a pipeline on airtable 
    
Noga: ellie has been sending POs to me, but maybe Ellie and I need to sit down
  
Mavis: Maybe they should contact ellie initialy and then forward to devs and cc Noga
  

* Timeline talk . 
  
Help bring understanding that 2 week build is just a more extended protoype. This should continue to be part of the design day 

* Designs on first day 
 
Rebe: Keep process of designs to be finished on first day 
  
Noga: Want to be involved on first day after building. 
  
Noga: May be more need for UI input in build sprints 
  

* More convergence and less divergence   
  
Max: Good to have more points choosing a single journey
  
Mavis: Whenever there is only one user journey it helps 
  
Max: Even if there are reservations 
  
Noga: What you are saying is - if we _*do*_ do crazy 8s then only have one problem statement. Plus the 'design' bit is really just meant to be the fun bit. 
  
Mavis: Deciding jounrney is the most important part. Maybe silent voting leads to disagreement that does not get discussed. Important to talk about why voted for certain journeys so there's no misunderstanding 
  
Noga: important to have one journey but not as much the designs 
  
Mavis: Ellie doesn't want fellows to be POs? 
  
Noga: No. 
  
Mavis: Would be better if fellows are POs.  
 
Max: Problem with AVA was that problem statement wasn't good but the way it was explained was captivating. So everything else suffered 
  
Noga: Classic example of group think. Too many dynamics in the room with power struggles. In other charities they really wanted change 

  Mavis: At some points discussions happen and new ideas do come up - so group think doesn't always lead to bad ideas. 

  Noga: More brainstorming... not time to do perfectly, is more of a taster

  Max: During break maybe spend time revising problem statement so things stay on track 

  ash: Also keep things written down when important converstations are happening 

  Mavis: they write vague things and then they talk about it and start becoming more specific

  Mavis: We talk about making a skateboard but trouble is problem statement isn't that

  Noga: It's so hard to write problem statement

  Ash: When it's being decided and if still vague _*then*_ make it a skateboard

  Noga: PS doesn't need to be a feature, it is a definition of the problem. Needs to be small enough to tackle but not specific enough to be a feature. It's hard 

  Chat during build up or during workshop for changes 

* PRs more often 

  Ash: How is QAing and to master? 

  Mavis: Better use of Ivan & Andrew would be asking for specific help

  Owen: Agree with this - use their time to suck knowledge out of them 

* Help Noga with chatty disruptive clients 

  Noga: How? 

  Ash: The way I would deal with adults is to get them on your side. Ask them qs etc 

  Mavis: telling people to have no phone is good

  Max: How is it decided who comes to workshops? Set expectation that no _*everyone*_ needs to be there to avoid disengaged people/ 

  Mavis: Good to have trustees for perspective - maybe give people chance to leave after lunch?? 

  Noga: Could be v disruptive 

* Explaining timetable in advance 

  Max: SBT and AVA did't know clearly what was happening. 

 Noga: Fellow needs to give the timings 

## Continue
* Timings of workshops
* SGC
* __*Awesome*__

Action Points
---
- [ ] Get rid of diagrams and keep good ventures and IDEO
- [ ] Noga to bring inFact or F&C biz cards! 
- [ ] Noga to ensure that client is told that crazy 8s are just for ideas and not final designs
- [ ] At breaks during design days all check in and see if any changes need to be made 
- [ ] Groups to continue liasing with their clients 
- [ ] Noga & ellie to build a doc on how to liase with clients "conversation menu"
